Tuesday (9/29/20)
Started the C++ project since Mr. Polizano allowed me to use languages other than Java.
Didn't really make any progress since it was my dad's 50th birthday.

Wednesday (9/30/20)
Started working in class. First thing I did was translate my handy ReadAndWrite class that I had in Java
to a C++ class. I finished that pretty easily. Now I'm going to take an object oriented approach to my menu system.
I started by creating a menu interface, and then proceeded to create the Main Menu class. That's about all I did in
class. I'm not expecting to do any more work today unfortunately since I have a Calculus quiz tomorrow and a
physical engineering project due as well.

Thursday (10/1/20)
Implemented both creating an account, and logging in. Now I'm going to start programming the actual cookie clicker game
since it seems like that's what I'm going to do.

I have created a basic cookie clicker game.

Saturday (10/3/20)
I added the ability to keep track of how many cookies other users have, so that there can be competition.

Monday (10/5/20)
Implemented a way to follow users using the program. Previously the usernames had to be manually inserted into the database.

Added a salt to our hashed passwords. It works by first getting the nanoseconds since epoch, and generating a SHA-256
hash from the nanoseconds.
In the database, the password line is the first 32 characters of the salt + (the hash of the password+salt) + last 32 characters of the salt.

I just changed up the way I obfuscate my salt. Now every even character of the database entry is a part of the hashed password.
Every odd character is part of the salt.

Added a master role for accounts. Currently there is no difference between a master account and a normal account.
Next thing to do is to allow the master account to modify the cookies and rates of other accounts.

Tuesday (10/6/20)
Added the ability for game masters to modify the amount of cookies an account has.

Now it's time to try and break the program.
I keep track of the users people follow by separating each name using a comma. So, this doesn't work as intended
when a username contains a comma.

I have now made it impossible to have a username containing a comma.

My program can act a bit funky when usernames contain colons too due to the way I store followed users.

Colons are now also illegal for usernames.

The last feature I'd like to implement is the ability to send a specified amount of cookies to another user.

I have managed to implement player to player transactions.

I also realized that I needed to ask for a name as well as a username to login with. So I added that too.

Added a check for password complexity.

All that's left to do now is add in as many comments as possible to try and explain how the code works.

Sunday (10/11/20)
I've added lots of comments. Now all that's left is to wait for my pig latin project feedback before submitting.

Wednesday (10/14/20)
Got my pig latin project back. Looks like it went very well! So I'm pretty much ready to submit at this point.
I made the main method recursive, so now the program does not exit when user logs out. The only way to exit is via the
main menu.

Last thing I want to do before submitting is to just make sure it actually compiles on Windows.

Also, you may notice that spaces are allowed in usernames. For the purposes of this project, I think that's ok.
It won't break the program in any way, so if you really wanted a username with a space in it, this is the program for
you!